---
layout: post
title: Semina
summary: "We are on a mission to transform the way plants are grown by harnessing the power of computer vision technology"
cover: https://cmevo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/meniu-digital-customenu-thumb.png
---

At Semina.io, we are on a mission to transform the way plants are grown by harnessing the power of computer vision technology. As a Co-Founder of our pioneering startup, I am leading the charge in developing cutting-edge solutions that ensure healthy plants thrive in their optimal growing environment.

What We Do:

During my tenure at Semina.io, I played a pivotal role in developing a cutting-edge Minimum Viable Product (MVP) computer-vision greenhouse system. This innovative solution effectively tracks, identifies, and quantifies tomatoes while also assessing their ripeness level. The core of this system involved training a custom machine learning model, enabling accurate and efficient tomato recognition within the greenhouse environment.

Key Responsibilities:

• Crop Forecasting: I spearhead the development of our sophisticated computer vision algorithms that accurately predict crop yields by continuously monitoring and comparing forecasts with actual yield data. This ensures growers have reliable insights to plan for the future and optimize their production.

• Risk Mitigation: I lead efforts to identify potential risks that may not be visible to the human eye. By leveraging our computer vision technology, Semina.io can promptly alert growers to impending problems and offer precise solutions to mitigate risks before they impact crops.

• Anomaly Detection: Using Semina.io's computer vision capabilities, I ensure that growers can pinpoint specific areas within their crops that are affected by anomalies. This precise information enables quick intervention and targeted treatment, ultimately leading to healthier and more productive crops.

• Regular Analytics: I oversee the development of our analytics module, which enables growers to compare crop performance over time. By leveraging Semina.io's analytics, growers can discover the most effective cultivation practices, optimizing their greenhouse operations for maximum output.